add support for actions to protected view (#372)
piiano/vault-typescript: sdk/forms/README.md

#### Overview

> `createProtectedView` creates a secure view component to display sensitive data returned from Piiano Vault, ensuring that sensitive data is never directly exposed to the frontend.

Reviewer: This sentence is confusing.  How would displaying sensitive data in the frontend ensures that sensitive data is never directly exposed to the frontend?

Reviewer: It is also redundant with the "Goal".

- `options`: Configuration options:
  - `vaultURL` (string): The URL of the Piiano Vault instance.
  - `apiKey` (string): API key for accessing the Vault.
  - `strategy` (object): Strategy options for getting data from the Vault:
    - `type` (string): Type of the strategy. Can be either `"read-objects"` or `"invoke-action"`.
      The rest of the configuration depends on the strategy type:
      - When type is `"read-objects"` the view will read objects from the Vault and display them in the view. The following additional strategy options are required:
        - `collection` (string): Name of the collection containing the data.
        - `ids` (string array): IDs of objects to be displayed.
        - `props` (string array): Properties to display from each object.

>           Each property can defined as is or with a transformation (e.g., `name`, `email`, `email.mask`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Each property can be provided as is or with a transformation (e.g., `name`, `email`, `email.mask`, etc.).
```

          The order of properties in the array determines the order in which they will be displayed in the view.
        - `transformationParam` (optional string): An extra transformation param to be sent to the Vault and be available in the transformation functions. When multiple parameters are needed, they can be passed as a JSON string and parsed in the transformation functions.
        - `reason` (string): Reason for accessing the data (will be logged in the Vault audit logs).
      - When type is `"invoke-action"` the view will invoke an action in the Vault and display the result in the view. The following additional strategy options are required:
        - `action` (string): Name of the action to invoke.
        - `globalIdentifierParameters` (Record<string, string>): Vault global identifiers to be evaluated by the vault and passed to the action.

>         - `extraParameters` (Record<string, unknown>): An extra parameters to be sent to the action and be available in the action. These parameters are not evaluated by the vault before passing them to the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `extraParameters` (Record<string, unknown>): Extra parameters to be sent to the action and be available in the action. These parameters are not evaluated by the vault before passing them to the action.
```
